all right all right here we are finally the Stellar round table on
the Stellar round table on nft so we are going to talk about on nft so we are going to talk about non-fungible tokens today i will admit it wasn't that long ago I will admit it wasn't that long ago before i thought before I thought this had something to do with mushrooms or fungus i didn't know what a fungible or fungus I didn't know what a fungible or non-fungible token was that was definitely one of my most earliest google queries back when i was first getting introduced back when I was first getting introduced to this concept we've got a fun little we've got a fun little discussion for the next hour or so we've got some fantastic guests on i'll start with myself my name is tyler vanderhooven I'm the ecosystem evangelist at the Stellar development foundation i spend my day writing documentation I spend my day writing documentation and doing workshops and building apps and understanding what the ecosystem what folks like these panelists here are up to day-to-day so i think i have the best job but could be I think I have the best job but could be wrong
wrong if you all can go ahead and make sure if you all can go ahead and make sure you are unmuted and we'll go ahead and go around this proverbial round table maybe steve if you want to if you want to go first a little bit if you want to go first a little bit about yourself how you got into Stellar in what you're up to yeah absolutely cheers so my name's steve I'm the ceo at task we've got involved with stella moore through the community fund we've been working with stella for we've been working with Stellar for two and a half years task is a system that allows task is a system that allows organizations to connect and engage with their teams gather information provide rewards and incentives through to teams and then take all that information and report back to investors and donors in the market in general you know that's predominantly what we do got some interesting aspects about how we believe nfts can be used which looking forward to getting into later and that's all from us that is me super fantastic really
that is me super fantastic really excited to have you on particularly for that less than traditional use case that we might think about when we use that word nft when we use that word nft fred how about you yeah hi everyone and thanks for having me so and also i wanted to say anion gaseo j and also I wanted to say anion gaseo j and all korean still up and watching at that time so my name is federico i am the founder of lightmint I'm also I am the founder of lightmint I'm also the owner of teleport so lightmint is a gaming platform basically connecting gamers to the crypto world with game asset ownership cross currency decentralized in-app purchases and also a lot of other features that leverage the Stellar blockchain so just recently and it was alive with sam conner on monday we unveiled our nft and collectible marketplace on Stellar and the marketplace basically was created to
created to connect the dots between all our products to provide more synergies and it will accept any kind of nfts it will be available publicly within the next few days we are still fixing a few next few days we are still fixing a few stuff and yeah i will talk about it a bit more and yeah I will talk about it a bit more later super yeah very excited to have you on board you've been around for a long time in the nft space super excited about that nft platform can't wait to start playing on that zach how about yourself Stellar zack hello hi my name is zach i am the hello hi my name is zach I am the director of marketing solar development foundation which may make you wonder why am i here to talk about nfts on an ft roundtable my actual introduction to the space was actually blockchain collectibles pre like 2018 like 2017 2016 kind of stuff and it's been interesting to watch the evolution of that kind of thing and the evolution of digital ownership and i've got a lot of thoughts just
and i've got a lot of thoughts just generally just having explored this before my time at sdf and yeah I'm excited to hear what how we how you guys are implementing this stuff into your current solutions or use cases so yeah super yeah very excited zach and i have a fun little history of zach and I have a fun little history of before either of us worked at sdf we were doing some stuff around were we were doing some stuff around color glyph that's how we were introduced not exactly nfts but still the idea of crypto gaming items and memeing the internet with strange and wonderful digital items so for our first discussion topic i think it's good to lay a groundwork kind of create a foundation around definitions were you going to use the word nft a lot i think a lot I think it's an acronym but the acronym maybe has grown a bit beyond just that or nfts have grown a bit beyond that fred i remember when you were talking fred I remember when you were talking with sam connor a couple days ago you touched on this a bit
you touched on this a bit that nfts is an acronym but it's grown beyond that a little bit so if you can beyond that a little bit so if you can briefly touch on when somebody says nft or when you think about it what does that mean to you what does that mean to you what does that mean to your users and how does that affect the way that you build enlightenment or products build enlightenment or products supporting nfts yeah i mean so nft is essentially yeah I mean so nft is essentially like yes strict definitions they are unique assets and that means they are not interchangeable but yes the way people use the term nfts these days is more to describe a wider range of non-fractionable assets right so they are not necessarily unique so they are not necessarily unique and yes this definition fits better much better the current use case of nfts which is essentially to provide proof of ownership for digital content within a decentralized world right so yeah that i think with the more so yeah that I think with the more and more decentralized and the more and more disengaged our
and the more and more disengaged our digital platforms become the more nfcs are meaningful yeah i remember when are meaningful yeah I remember when because nfts for me obviously kind of meant that acronym but then i saw meant that acronym but then I saw an auction or a sale or something that was a one of 10 nft sale I'm like was a one of 10 nft sale I'm like i feel like we're moving beyond what I feel like we're moving beyond what nfts actually are and they're starting to take on there's nothing wrong with a one of 10 sale of something but that's not what an nft the acronym is so maybe it's starting to move beyond that i don't know zack maybe move beyond that I don't know zack maybe you have some thoughts around this concept of moving away from just an acronym to taking on more of a ideological ownership freedom there i mean i i'll echo fred freedom there I mean I i'll echo fred i mean 100 it's like digital I mean 100 it's like digital ownership stuff early on i mean if you look at i mean early on I mean if you look at I mean outside of like colored coins and stuff but moving into like early ethereum collectibles all you had were to work with erc20 like contracts
were to work with erc20 like contracts and you know my like the stuff we were and you know my like the stuff we were working on were modified erc20 contracts that like tracked ownership but they were like single like not no decimal thing so like we were thinking about things like trading cards or like you know rare like rare items and drops and video games or something like that like those things aren't unique in that you can like you'll have multiple mickey mantle cards in a baseball card pack but there's only so many that exist and so i think so I think the acro acronym doesn't bother me because before there was nfts that concept existed anyway and so if that if we're calling them nfps now as that if we're calling them nfps now as like the broader space term i don't think it the broader space term I don't think it matters if it's a one of one or a one of one thousand because the principle is the same it's not principle is the same it's not like a currency or something else yeah yep yes that digital ownership that i think is so interesting and I think is so interesting and that being what people mean when
that being what people mean when they're talking about nfts is taking whatever we used to mean when it was physical ownership of something and finding a way to turn that into digital ownership where you can transfer and gain a lot of that same value where I'm gain a lot of that same value where I'm holding the one thing or there's only ten people in the world that have this somehow you can replicate that digitally where you're not physically holding an item but that same construct is existing that same construct is existing steve did you have something to add there you know what i mean i agree with zach you know what I mean I agree with zach in that i don't in that I don't for me if this allows generation of limited editions which really is the kind of one to ten or one really is the kind of one to ten or one to a thousand the lovely thing about nfts is it's the lovely thing about nfts is it's empowering artists again you know art from pictures to music and all sorts of creativity i think when you combine nfts with smart I think when you combine nfts with smart contracts we're going to see a wave back i mean if we're going to see a wave back I mean if we had digitization came in you could copy and paste everything we saw file sharing if you look at the music industry
industry the only musicians you can see now typically a huge artist because you make all your money going on the road i think with the nfts and smart I think with the nfts and smart contracts and the way that in which you can start to reward people we can go back to the old kind of cottage industry of someone's in their bedroom they're pumping out great tunes and they're making great art and there's a way of them having a revenue stream which respects them as an artist and they don't need to be you know going on the road i think that you know going on the road I think that will be really lovely to see because it's a kind of it's going back to the value of art before digitization kind of took that away i would even take a step further and say I would even take a step further and say like you know the art stuff is really cool from a perspective of the artists are basically the guinea pigs in this are basically the guinea pigs in this nft experiment they're out there and they're putting these pieces out and they don't know what the like long term how the format's gonna treat them like what they're gonna do but you know they're testing the medium but like they're there breaking grounds for i think things we talk about like there's projects in our ecosystem
like there's projects in our ecosystem already that are thinking about like fractional analyzing things like real estate but if you're just like a normal like person and you're buying like a home you currently have to go through something like a title company and multiple parties and there's an evolution in the future where nfts like an artist could create a beautiful piece and it could be a beautiful piece and it could be basically the digital representation of the title for a home so you could have thing like other things represented as nfts like a home title or something like that it does end up circumventing like processes right now that we have to have a title company because the title company is the source of truth for the owners like who owns the house or who owes the title to the house but like nfts you know that concept applies very nicely to that and i think the artists are breaking the and I think the artists are breaking the ground here but the digital ownership doesn't stop just with art and it doesn't just and i think fred's and it doesn't just and I think fred's take like
take like yeah i think you guys are obviously yeah I think you guys are obviously pushing beyond just the art stuff here as well yeah i mean to me one of here as well yeah I mean to me one of the main use case as well of nfts and the main use case as well of nfts and basically being able to address the digital goods needs is the fact that if you look at the is the fact that if you look at the industry today you will see for example in the music industry spotify is a platform that controls most of the paycheck of all those artists and we have the same in the gaming industry with the app store the play store and with this the availability of those items outside of those platforms and on the centralized platforms on decentralized networks then we can really like break out from this model there was a I just wanted to add with you know as you break out from that model as you break out from that model as you look at things like you know land ownership i mean for me you know land ownership I mean for me I'm very interested in that aspect of actually taking the digital certificate having it mapping on to physical objects i think there's a lot of potential there I think there's a lot of potential there but i think when people say well but I think when people say well what's the point
what's the point a really easy way of summarizing it is you look at something like fake degrees any of us can go out on the fake degrees any of us can go out on the internet we can go and grab a internet we can go and grab a fake degree of whatever and you know it's not the biggest problem we have in the world but in terms of fixing that problem with a nft which is you know simply tied to someone's domain with a tamil file with an issue you know an asset that's being issued now you've got your nft certificate it's very you know and it's you know you've got a degree that tumble file can be at harvard or whatever the education institute is you've got a yeah two you've got a yeah two second check and the other bit that i think can and the other bit that I think can become interesting is that can become automated background checks just get automated no one needs to actually go and have a no one needs to actually go and have a look at anything and you could extend that further into a personality test so if you want to apply for a job i if you want to apply for a job i complete some personality tests I'm
complete some personality tests I'm quite happy to open that up for someone to look at so open that up for someone to look at so I'm sending nfts which is you know here's proof of my degree here's some personality insights to see if I'm right for the team there's various other kind of digital aspects of my personality i could be putting forward and then you I could be putting forward and then you know you almost start to get rid of hr and recruiting departments as that automates loads of systems there and it it's not the biggest problem in the world but i think it's a world but I think it's a i think there's interesting models of I think there's interesting models of using nfts in that type of way yeah it's something that's been interesting even on Stellar quest because we have these different challenges that people do and they earn badges and it'll be earn badges and it'll be neat like you don't get those badges unless you've completed the challenges and so having those badges in a wallet that you can verifiably prove that you have ownership over is a stamp of i've gone through Stellar quest series one or Stellar quest series two and that means that i know that means that I know something about Stellar because i can't
something about Stellar because I can't get these badges any other way that's really neat and so the nft is a vehicle for trust or a vehicle for assurance for an employer to say okay well we need somebody who knows Stellar i hope they do oh look i can I hope they do oh look I can as long as you can prove ownership over this account that you say you own i can have some level of assurance and I can have some level of assurance and seeing that model moved out where nfts are a vehicle rather than only a piece of art or something that you own is as the item itself but more vehicle towards something else is kind of cool so that was kind of our so that was kind of our initial introduction to what nfts are and how they're being used a bit in the real world today and i a bit in the real world today and i think we've already touched on it a bit but if we could transition slightly to there's so much hype and buzz and noise around nfts if we boil some of and noise around nfts if we boil some of that away for you all personally what do you see the value of nfts
see the value of nfts for the spheres in the realms for the spheres in the realms you're in we've already started touching a little bit those begin to show themselves in like those begin to show themselves in like product use cases and the things that you all are building but if you can touch on those a bit more in depth of what if you if a bit more in depth of what if you scrape away the noise what do you think will be left the noise what do you think will be left from nfts in five or six years maybe steve if you want to take that one first well in five six years we will definitely be collecting nfts because i think as humans we just love because I think as humans we just love collecting stuff so that you know that the collectible aspect and you know the getting away from the ridiculousness of buying pixels for millions of dollars there's gonna for millions of dollars there's gonna be a steady state of very happy adults and school kids collecting lots of interesting stuff because we just love doing it so i mean because we just love doing it so I mean that you know that that's great there's
you know that that's great there's that certification aspect which i think is certification aspect which I think is personally i find that personally I find that interesting i think it can solve a lot interesting I think it can solve a lot of problems if you expand that certification concept if you expand that certification concept in terms of who is doing what who you know who's doing what which can be at an individual level it can be a organizational level i think if you look at stella I think if you look at Stellar or any blockchain similar to Stellar in that mission which is get the finances through get you know get finance financial fluidity globally that's one problem you solve the next problem is it going to the right person one of is it going to the right person one of the key issues that we have is finances being misdirected i think if you combine the certification you can start to direct finances in the right way because you can start to get it through depending on particular certification and deciding that that's going to be the way that you would send finances through so i think would send finances through so I think reputation and building reputation
reputation and building reputation certification can work in all sorts of ways that tie and automate financial distribution i think financial distribution I think the other bit that i hope will be something we see in I hope will be something we see in four five six years and it's certainly an area that I'm interested in personally is that if we look at the key issues we face if we look at the key issues we face globally the incentive schemes don't work and i remember a friend talking to me a and I remember a friend talking to me a couple of years ago talking about you know natural assets how can you take national natural assets and convert them into investment propositions if you could if we accept that human greed is typically what drives things then could you harness natural assets in a way and turn them into investment vehicles where they give financial roi and there's then a desire to protect there's a desire to you know whether it's you know
you know whether it's you know reforestation whatever it happens to be now if you take the nft and you can now if you take the nft and you can track that you can use that to track physical assets natural assets you can then have investments into say forestry there's a the potential of you know as you the potential of you know as you purchase younger trees if there's evidence that they're growing that asset goes up in value naturally over time and if you're using it as an nft which is tradable you have a natural asset which people can be trading and i think can be trading and I think it's a it's an idea which i think if you it's a it's an idea which I think if you get the economics right you could go out and start to solve some of these go out and start to solve some of these problems because a lot of the problems we have are just because the incentive schemes are totally wrong so I'm hoping that there's potential there long term for nfts in terms of natural asset investment yeah fantastic i echo a lot of those fantastic I echo a lot of those sentiments personally myself fred how about you
yeah so I mean there's a thing that says there's no bad publicity right but so i think somehow these stunts are also so I think somehow these stunts are also they are not the ultimate use case for nfts but you know we can't stop the excitement of this part of the human nature and then also you know nfts as a much you know nfts as a much wider appeal to mainstream than cryptocurrencies for example so i think cryptocurrencies for example so I think all this is part of it we need to be all this is part of it we need to be careful to not engage into too much destructive reckless behavior but i think somehow there's also good but I think somehow there's also good side into this kind of hype and excitement around nfgs so yeah definitely not everyone is gonna sell the first five thousand days for 69 million and that's definitely not the use case but so the way i see but so the way I see nfts in the that contributing to a better world is essentially being able to power is essentially being able to power decentralized world right that's what
decentralized world right that's what i was saying just before I was saying just before the ability to disengage completely from those platforms because currently let's say you are a game developer the only opportunity for we for you to sell nfts for you to sell nfts or sell in-app purchases is to go on the or sell in-app purchases is to go on the app store on the play store on steam on all those centralized places which somehow they impose their rules and we saw for example with the games like fortnight what happened when the store suddenly decides to put you out and same for the music industry so basically for the music industry so basically that's the way i see nft is that's the way I see nft is powering a decentralized world of tomorrow yeah zach I mean I was just going to say like I'm going to take fred's thing and what steve says and then I'm going to say you said did not hype but i feel like this is going to come but I feel like this is going to come off feeling a little bit like hype so the current like situation obviously all this like the art trade stuff there's a really
the art trade stuff there's a really unique thing happening where you're seeing like boutique shops now open up that are like going to they're like labels i would say going to they're like labels I would say if you look at music industry or like art world or they're like an agent where they are going out and seeking people and they're like trying to set them up with like an nft strategy for releasing their stuff and that's going to go away at some point there will always be boutique stuff but like right now that's where the opportunity is but as people figure out like the strategies for this themselves it will grow and i think you know what i was writing and I think you know what I was writing about a lot back in 2016 and 2017 was about a lot back in 2016 and 2017 was like where are we going to go as far as like where are we going to go as far as like working in the future i wasn't like working in the future I wasn't expecting like pandemics and stuff but like we have this everybody virtually now has introduced the internet because everybody was at home for a year and so you know offices may not necessarily be the same kind of thing so you can have virtual neighborhoods you can have virtual workspaces you can have like this weird match between virtual reality and augmented reality you need to still have traditional things like people still will live in houses people will
still will live in houses people will still own cars there will still be like things that need to be bridged from the traditional world into this world but like i think what i've seen happen but like I think what i've seen happen and even going back to fortnite like yesterday i think epic yesterday I think epic announced that they had gotten a billion dollars in funding for something called the metaverse which is going to be like brand disney world i guess like vr brand disney world it'll be like ready player one i see those kind of player one I see those kind of environments growing second life is a great best bet experiment for virtual real estate like they're all this stuff to fred's point about like decentralized world like that will come it may not come in the next year and it may not come in the next year and it may not come out of this immediate cycle but people like are definitely i think thinking about where to get to I think thinking about where to get to that point and what that means like am i going to and what that means like am I going to be here in 25 years is this a five year be here in 25 years is this a five year thing a 25-year thing like how long will it take for adoption and what steps are required to make it easier but i think there's just easier but I think there's just infinite applications it just depends on how
on how digital we decide to get as a people yeah it's just to comment on that this is going off piste a little bit so pull me going off piste a little bit so pull me back if it's gone going too far but i think there's when you look I think there's when you look at collaborative currencies if you look at collaborative currencies which then complement a traditional currency so you have communities that can use a currency between each other then again in my brain i see then again in my brain I see i always see the nft with a smart I always see the nft with a smart contract and being connected with some sort of inputs the outputs can be certificates in the form of nfts and if you look at a collaborative currency where communities are working together and you're looking at reputation and understanding trust between the different stakeholders within the community then i think nfts can come in there if then I think nfts can come in there if you look at that kind of absolutely digital future decentralized future then you know how do you
then you know how do you automate reputation and understanding the different players within that community i have a another thing that kind of goes I have a another thing that kind of goes off of that i've been chewing on recently and that's on legality of nfd stuff and ownership like what when I'm purchasing an nfc now what does that actually guarantee me as far as rights i know you know if platform developers I know you know if platform developers have to consider copyright and like cease and desist and you have to there will be tools to hide things from platforms that allow you to mint platforms that allow you to mint through them obviously will have terms of service that are like hey you can't do these things but because of how their these assets are represented on chain like just removing them from a platform doesn't remove them from existence and so i I'm wondering if there will be and so I I'm wondering if there will be a big giant lawsuit one day where you have all these collectors basically suing for rights to use art that they've purchased and or vice versa and what those actually guarantee and I'm curious if
actually guarantee and I'm curious if like there's a whole industry for like terms of service that may need to come out of this like what i suspect there will be a like what I suspect there will be a court case that resolves that if you put the terms as a service on your nft itself when you mint it then that will be the legal grounds but anything done without that i feel like is going to have a bad time but i don't know what do have a bad time but I don't know what do you guys think as far as like what does owning an nft guarantee you what does owning an nft guarantee you fred i think fred I think for steve or tyler that's definitely something that for example in the ethereum world they started to work on that you can see dapper labs i think you can see dapper labs I think they started to specify a license called the nft license you can read it on nft license.org i can you can read it on nft license.org i think and it specifies a lot of things about this but yeah that's definitely a rule that nfts cannot address with the address ownership they don't address the copyright and you can obviously have a lot of votes they're
difficult to address the question to the group what's the situation with gdp gdpr blockchain nfts because if you're let's say a blockchain provider and someone decides to put personal identification information and Stellar would be in the memo field what happens whereas the where's the blame where's the right to be forgotten exercise that must have come up in conversation I'm just intrigued to know well fred do you want to tackle it or I'm not expert on that yeah or I'm not expert on that yeah so yeah I'm not legal I'm not a legal counsel or anything like that so i don't counsel or anything like that so I don't know if i necessarily have know if I necessarily have the greatest answer for you but i think you know something like we maintain like in through a service that may be something like mailchimp or like emma or whatever like some digital database of things that's easy to go into and remove because there's personal information identified with the
personal information identified with the service that has those tools but with a decent just distributed network like bitcoin or like ethereum or even like bitcoin or like ethereum or even Stellar like what's on the network part of using it like is you understand that that's what happened there's no it's immutable right so you're not like you can't undo this stuff so i don't know i mean i feel so I don't know I mean I feel like that's probably a whole different conversation of like what happens when personal data is on the blockchain about kyc aml stuff to roll into it's a big question i don't know i don't have an answer i don't know I don't have an answer i think it's pretty yeah for sure i mean so much of the yeah for sure I mean so much of the liability there is on the entity that put that data there but because i mean the assumption is or the I mean the assumption is or the way these laws have been written is the assumption that if you put it there you can also take it off and so the laws revolve around take it off you know remove it delete it but when that assumption is no longer true when that assumption is no longer true you're going to need different rules and i don't know what those are going
and I don't know what those are going to be other than i think it's probably to be other than I think it's probably going to boil down to you need to be really careful what you put on a blockchain and that there's liability for you as someone having access to the blockchain particularly less around tools like stella which less around tools like Stellar which aren't designed for arbitrary data storage you can put arbitrary data on there but it's not designed for that but i would that my designed for that but I would that my concern is more around things like ipfs and filecoin and our weave and these blockchains that are specifically designed for arbitrary data storage that becomes more that becomes a bigger issue where your purpose is to store arbitrary data and so the assumption will be I'm going to use this instead of my database but if you don't understand what you're putting on there is immutable you might end up in trouble yeah you know what it leads me to believe though like i feel like any like based on no precedent or like court cases i can't pull anything up I'm just cases I can't pull anything up I'm just pulling this out of thin air but i feel pulling this out of thin air but I feel like with you know with the internet
like with you know with the internet everybody's just using browsers to interpret like things like you can have a hardcore user that like that's you know doing it through i don't that's you know doing it through I don't know them like they like how david uses the internet i think is the best way internet I think is the best way but like you can also and that's gonna be very specialized and people are aware that like there's a dark net as well like there's a or you can use onion like routers like whatever like but that's not the primary use so my assumption would be just like any platform it if a primary way to display this information like foreign is a great example because nfp like let's say an ethereum one that's just a smart contract there's not an image associated with that there's not you have to like interpret that through whatever thing and like called ipfs so you're viewing it in a viewer or something like that most people you know if they can't see that or they can't view it they're never going to see it so i feel like that's going to see it so I feel like that's good enough as long as it's for a majority i mean i
as long as it's for a majority I mean i don't think that's going to settle a court case you know saying oh that's good enough they can't see it but i think see it but I think you know that's kind of how the internet's treated currently like you know what's you know as a user on the internet what you know as a user on the internet what acceptable use is to some degree i feel like maybe not to some degree I feel like maybe not maybe that's a wrong interpretation yeah it'll be interesting for sure to see and that to me is one sure to see and that to me is one of the biggest outlying i wonder so for example the nft license that has been specified by depot labs so they say that we can by depot labs so they say that we can take an nft on a marketplace as long as we an nft on a marketplace as long as we can prove the ownership that the ownership is proper before putting it on the marketplace so i think the marketplace will have to I think the marketplace will have to do a lot of things in order to prevent being under all sorts of things
being under all sorts of things like that when you look at the future I mean you're going again going back to you know zach said about that digitized future when it will happen of course the lovely thing is when a system is in is invented which is what we have with blockchain where it's released and it can't be stopped so with nfts i suppose there's that same so with nfts I suppose there's that same question which is and tyler you were talking about you know true decentralization of nfts the other day you know how did you get day you know how did you get to that state now you have these and we perhaps should you have these and we perhaps should talk about this which is you do have that you're talking about your description was you're looking through a window you have to go to the shop look window you have to go to the shop look through the window and look at your nft how do we and look at your nft how do we decentralize that the second you decentralize it then the laws have to wrap around the nfts and not the other way around i mean nfts and not the other way around I mean do you want to could you go into the do you want to could you go into the opportunity for decentralization and
opportunity for decentralization and creating that sort of system yeah so i mean the way that almost all if not I mean the way that almost all if not all nft marketplaces work is there is that interface that you're accessing your nfts through and there is some where you can and there is some where you can take your nfts and view them on some other blockchain explorer or some other interface but there tends to be that i can only get at this through a browser I can only get at this through a browser through a particular website and particularly when you split the nft the nft between the contract that allows you to sell it and the actual representation of that asset the and the ipfs address or whatever it might be that actually holds the image or the art you're beginning to centralize you're at least beginning to silo the usability of that thing to where yeah if your nft is inside ethereum you have to look through a window
you have to look through a window open c or look through the foundation to see your nft but if they decide to pull the shade on that and you view to pull the shade on that and you view that url and they've decided that nft is no good anymore you've essentially lost access to that and so being by decentralizing that again yeah you're what you're doing is you kind of have to take the reason that you kind of have to take the reason that they might pull the shade and address that before you ever mint it and almost put the viewing mechanics or the access mechanics and bake that into the nft itself so whether that's the code to view the nft along with the actual art for the nft but all of the pieces for how this thing but all of the pieces for how this thing is represented and x access so not just the security but and not just the trading of the thing but the actual access to the thing the way that you hold it and identify to those around you look at this thing that i own whatever that mechanic is that has
I own whatever that mechanic is that has to be part of the nft too so that to be part of the nft too so that access to it is just as central to the thing itself so that you're able to show it but when you show it it's also still there it's so strange that these things are split because if i hold a baseball card all of that is contained in that baseball card but when we've transferred that digitally we've split these things up and siloed them to where each one can fail individually and now you're holding up a baseball card but there's no image on it or you're holding an image in your brain like no i can see it in my head like no I can see it in my head but nobody else can access that picture by having the card that you're showing them it's weird to think about but that's it's weird to think about but that's the world that we've created when we've siloed all of these things we have to find ways to bring those things together in my mind or else invariably you give it enough time these things are going to be siloed things are going to go away and all of the things that we're purchasing and accessing now are going to be so broken
to be so broken that they won't have the value that they have and there's going to be a lot they have and there's going to be a lot of this sort of hype that goes way up none this sort of hype that goes way up none of it's going to work and it's going to leave that bad taste in everybody's mouth and we're going to have to slowly crawl back up before we're able to start innovating again to start innovating again how much does that fit with did stella want to fix that problem or does it conflict too much with being fast so there's obviously a big difference between the Stellar development foundation and how we use Stellar and how we build Stellar but Stellar itself is an open protocol that anyone can use for their purposes so it's if you approach seller and you think it can work for your purposes go for it i don't think it's something go for it I don't think it's something that sdf is going to work on where we're cross-border payments where open access to the world's global financial system it's a different goal i think there are it's a different goal I think there are some crossovers particularly when you start to define what is value or what is a financial like what is that what does financial access actually mean what is
financial access actually mean what is finance those things i think begin to be those things I think begin to be answered differently when it's digital but when you look at Stellar itself the protocol in the network and how the protocol in the network and how changes are made to the ledger the cryptography behind it that works great for all kinds of use cases outside of this there are certainly ones that don't fit but if you approach the network and see that it works well for your use case there's nobody standing in line saying sorry yes it can't do that and i think i mean yes it can't do that and I think I mean i think any of this stuff like I think any of this stuff like even if sdf is not like we're not internally developing nft standards i think that you know we're standards I think that you know we're having this conversation because some of you guys are and you know i think that it would be worthwhile to I think that it would be worthwhile to see a conform standard or two for this across the platform you know we've been talking about it now since i we've been talking about it now since i started sdf and I'm like i've seen fred's
and I'm like i've seen fred's ideas for like how he's doing it i've seen other people working on projects there's a couple of other marketplaces that have been launched simultaneously and it's just been interesting to see how the conversations that have happened over three four years are now starting to like that work is now dropping and it's really cool that it's dropping simultaneous to the like hype cycle because it's not like this like the work that fred for example has done is new it's not like he just spun done is new it's not like he just spun this up because suddenly people sold stuff it's something that he's been doing for a long time and you know some of these other projects that are also issuing entities on Stellar so i think a standard would be great so I think a standard would be great like an ecosystem standard but i think like an ecosystem standard but I think you know it's going to require use cases which i guess is my which I guess is my other point is like i think a big thing other point is like I think a big thing we're seeing is a lot of people want to we're seeing is a lot of people want to issue nfts on Stellar because nfts are a big deal but if you look at like right now in the space and you'll see other networks and not name or bash any of them because i not name or bash any of them because i don't think there's anything wrong with it saying like you can issue stuff on ours
saying like you can issue stuff on ours here's the platform to do it i think you know people will try that I think you know people will try that stuff out but the nft collector the one that people are thinking of right now they're all in ethereum they all have and i think the way they all have and I think the way that you really get people to use nfps is through use cases like lightmint is a great like you make the game the users just want to play the game if the nft is part want to play the game if the nft is part of that experience you know they can learn about how that functions as they learn like that community and environment and ecosystem and platform and i think like actual use cases will and I think like actual use cases will bring people to networks and they'll get nfts through those use cases i think that just issuing an nft on I think that just issuing an nft on Stellar because you want to do an nft but you don't want to pay 70 dollars in but you don't want to pay 70 dollars in gas on ethereum that makes logical sense but it's not going to attract the current like insanity that you're seeing in other like on ethereum around it does that make sense yeah i mean i does that make sense yeah I mean i wanted to get back just about the because the
get back just about the because the way on the storage first for nfts the way i chose to approach this the way I chose to approach this problem with enlightenment is basically by not addressing this problem so essentially i use what steve was pointing out I use what steve was pointing out the there's a step one specifications from Stellar ecosystem a proposal standard that allows us to describe an asset through a normal file and that's the only thing that the lightweight market place we will basically care about so whether the item is stored on ipfs whether it's stored as a managed data inside it's stored as a managed data inside the asset itself is not something that the marketplace will address basically as long as your item is described properly within the domain file then it will be displayed properly to users on the marketplace and i decided to use that because at and I decided to use that because at the end it's currently a standard that is used for stella for describing all assets from Stellar and this way i don't make
and this way I don't make assumptions about how an event will stand out will come later on for storing the data because there's for storing the data because there's also another thing that i was also another thing that I was wondering and is yes it's nice to have access to the art in a kind of a permanent way but is it in a kind of a permanent way but is it really where the value is because if you look at for example the way the first five thousand days has been sold for 69 million it doesn't really matter if someone gets and you can actually get the high resolution copy on ipfs for that app it's not what carries the value of the item what here is the value is the fact that what here is the value is the fact that someone has the signature to sign a transfer transaction to pass ownership of that up that of that up and even if tomorrow the only trace remaining of that art is like five by five pixel resolution of it i think the value will still be of it I think the value will still be there because someone has the ability to sign the
the ability to sign the transaction i would agree with you on that point I would agree with you on that point to most degree i think you know to most degree I think you know newcomers the space they want the art and so when people pull things like change the art on open sea like that becomes a pseudo-news article because people are like well it's gone but if you look and listen to it's gone but if you look and listen to the you know the people who are doing art with bitcoin like colored coins or rare pepes or like if you listen the early ethereum like style nft things that have been converted there's arguments about like are you purchasing the ledger history the signature like the ownership here if you can track the origin of like the if you can track the origin of like the first press then that and like it goes back all the then that and like it goes back all the way so like even if it started you know on one chain and ended up somewhere as long as you can trace all that back i as long as you can trace all that back i think there was an article think I think there was an article on italic recently published around similar idea it's like that's what you're purchasing and i think to fred's point purchasing and I think to fred's point about art is like art people are minting these
art is like art people are minting these pieces as art currently there's no reason that people piece can't be like a legendary sword in somebody else's game and in that regard that aspect that asset is going to be represented differently it exists on chains so if you hold in it exists on chains so if you hold in your wallet you can like you know it's proof your ownership so they can pull that from you know whether that's albedo or metamask or whatever you're using from like these things or however the game interacts with these assets so just because it was minted as art and there's an ipfs that goes along with it doesn't mean that every application of that asset that exists has to be art related i agree 100 and i think that's a really I agree 100 and I think that's a really important distinction to make particularly for the future of nfts even in just identifying what of nfts even in just identifying what are people actually buying what are they actually getting what's the legally defensible item that you're arguing over what's the thing that's valuable and it's interesting because the representation
representation like traditionally in our brains when we think about art we think about what are you getting it is the music it what are you getting it is the music it is the picture it is but because it's so often tied to the medium by which you got it it's hard to separate those things out but when you actually look at what are you selling like if i go and i you selling like if I go and i steal that image and mint it myself outside of there being copyright issues it's not valuable because I'm not the artist and i can you can prove that I'm not the and I can you can prove that I'm not the artist i didn't actually make that thing artist I didn't actually make that thing and that's where you get an art fraud now is you're not trying to find which one looks good you're trying to find this artist was famous this artist was the real deal and he painted something we need to find that one because he actually touched it and it's less the item and more the assurance that the person behind it the certification that it's legitimate that's what the blockchain gives you not the connection to the pixels or the sound waves or whatever scratches on the hard
waves or whatever scratches on the hard drive might be like the thing that's valuable is the that are that origination the certificate and that's i think we need to keep that and that's I think we need to keep that in mind particularly because i think in mind particularly because I think it's extremely interesting that art might change that as something gets purchased it's programmed to change in a certain it's programmed to change in a certain way over time and we even start to do represent like if you had you know this 69 million dollar nft but you could somehow load it up into a game maybe it becomes this weird meme thing that no matter what game you're in you can load in this nft and it gives you superpowers like that's really interesting that's something you can't do with physical art that would be fascinating when you start to approach what can we do with this medium that's innovation that's something that we can only that's something that we can only do because it's digital there's some really fascinating things that i think really fascinating things that I think we need to start exploring by moving away from assuming that people are buying pixels and instead assuming what's true is they're buying certification they're buying something on the
they're buying something on the blockchain they're buying their stamp their part of history in the their part of history in the chain of whatever this thing originally was because it's actually quite simple when you get down to what is something value like what makes something valuable it's just what is someone else willing to pay for it and so long as you can make that a large and so long as you can make that a large group or large amounts of money the assurance there is on the blockchain and that is good that does work that's already been proven the attaching images to that that's difficult and there's legal issues around there but if you can rather just have this if you can rather just have this chain of things this chain of events and transactions and assurance of ownership particularly originally which you can do now i think you've got something that you I think you've got something that you can really begin to innovate on cool super sorry are you off to you tyler no go ahead well i was off to you tyler no go ahead well I was just going to come up but there was a just a model
come up but there was a just a model which i had a conversation with which I had a conversation with someone the other day it was a interesting brainstorm yet it it's combining smart contracts with nfts is using an nft to represent some physical in this case let's take a tree so the person i was speaking to was saying the person I was speaking to was saying that they wanted to plant trees and they hate the these models where you know a dollar a tree you know a dollar a tree the tree gets planted it gets ripped up six months later the question is if you want to plant the question is if you want to plant trees you need them to be there five ten years to get the benefit so that's an asset which is so that's an asset which is developing over time it has more value the older it gets typically and so if you take a smart contract and you so if you take a smart contract and you tie it to an nft the nft is tied to this tie it to an nft the nft is tied to this case let's just take a tree it's probably going to be a number of trees together and in the smart contract you say to the and in the smart contract you say to the donor okay you're going to
donor okay you're going to invest 10 into this smart contract and when you do that you're going to get the nft which represents the tree the smart contract then is where there's checks going on to look at that asset over time and put inputs into the smart contract saying hey tree's still here everything's good it's being watered and on that basis you've had the ten dollars going to the pool say there was a dollar pushed out at the say there was a dollar pushed out at the beginning to plant the tree a year later you have a couple more dollars goes and it's going through the community that's looking after these trees so you can use a smart contract combined with an nft and if the tree goes you can burn the and if the tree goes you can burn the nft you have a way of relating and having a long-term investment around natural assets i think you know natural assets I think you know my the way i explain it is probably not my the way I explain it is probably not that clear but i think there's a not that clear but I think there's a useful way of investors being able to put money into a smart contract nft representation and a long-term view
nft representation and a long-term view i don't know what you think if that I don't know what you think if that makes any sense at all it's super interesting and i think that it's super interesting and I think that the issue for me becomes around how do you make assurances between something that's strictly digital and programmed and something that's very much not like what's to there has to be those reward mechanisms kind of like what you mentioned that like what's to keep me from taking an axe and chopping down the trees so that i can plant another one and mint more I can plant another one and mint more tokens and get more money like somehow make it monetarily worth keeping that tree alive and I think some of the problem is there but i also think there's opportunities but I also think there's opportunities in nft spaces or even just tokenization spaces where you can get retail investors involved where it's not big corporations but individuals have a tree token and somehow there is that ability to keep tabs on what's happening though to keep tabs on what's happening though implement economic models that make it more worth it to keep these things as long-term investments or opportunities for foresters to
opportunities for foresters to ensure that they're doing the right thing that there's monetary incentives for that because right now so much of that is flipped where as long as it's more worth it for me to do the wrong more worth it for me to do the wrong thing will i choose to do that thing will I choose to do that more often so we have to flip those economic models to where either there are smart contracts or legal contracts in place that disallow that or disincentivize that or more preferably there are economic models in place that are more worth it for you to do the right thing that you for you to do the right thing that you actually earn more money that way and those are tricky but i think one of the are tricky but I think one of the reasons they're tricky is because there's so many middlemen and so much of these investment opportunities are locked out to little bits of money who don't have large they're not trying to make a million dollars off of an investment they're trying to make a small moral decision of i want to do a small moral decision of I want to do some good in the world and it doesn't matter if my one dollar makes two dollars in five years i just want to do some good and have I just want to do some good and have some assurance that the good i want to
some assurance that the good I want to do will actually happen i think blockchain has a lot I think blockchain has a lot of potential to open up opportunities for that for just by the nature of removing so many middlemen because rather than having human contracts in place you have computers again it's math instead of morals that are addressing these things and i think addressing these things and I think that's a powerful tool that we that we're only really starting to scratch the surface on how that moves just beyond kind of converting traditional finance to digital finance there's some really interesting opportunities there but they definitely remain to be seen how successful those can be over the next few years but innovation in that space is definitely needed and i think space is definitely needed and I think it's valuable to look at that not to throw a loop here because i not to throw a loop here because I wonder if there's some questions available but i also had a quick available but I also had a quick question for fred regarding his platform that i got a sneak peek of the platform that I got a sneak peek of the other day because i think you know because I think you know similar to how well i don't know let me similar to how well I don't know let me just ask the question fred
let me just ask the question fred for your platform like you you're sharing that you had some like cross-chain kind of compatibility and that you it looks like light mint marketplace you become an anchor essentially right like you are an nft anchor for ethereum ones with that i mean essentially during the live i wanted to show that artists let's say you had issued some assets on some nfcs on ethereum so the goal was to show how you can benefit from Stellar to alleviate all the fees and then also still sell your heart you know because what people may not realize is that Stellar is actually a lot of tools for working with nft so for example you can use path payments in order to have not just cross-asset exchanges but you can also have bid and offer discoveries which means that basically it's a very powerful tool to connect buyers and sellers and if you are an
buyers and sellers and if you are an artist on ethereum then Stellar is a very it will become a very valuable platform for the goal is to make it an alternative platform for those sellers in order to allocate the fees there's also another things that can run on ds decks that people may not realize it's for example you can use a time-bound transaction in order to settle all the bidders and the participant in an auction at the end of an auction after a specific predetermined period and you can also use you can use the path payments you can use the path payments tricks and at the end of the auction also to implement a reserve price and things like that so Stellar is extremely versatile as a protocol in order to implement all those and people need to realize that it could become a very good alternative to those networks that at the moment have a big problem with speed do you see compatibility with other networks as well outside of ethereum
networks as well outside of ethereum potentially no i did not investigate more but no I did not investigate more but yeah i think the yeah their goal is yeah I think the yeah their goal is really to make it like that if you are an artist on like that if you are an artist on ethereum then i want to make it that you can try I want to make it that you can try stellars and alternative and benefit sweet i think that clarifies my question I think that clarifies my question on that all right well this is i don't know if all right well this is I don't know if anybody has any last minute otherwise we're going to open we have a couple of we're going to open we have a couple of questions from our engaged and interested audience which i would like interested audience which I would like to pose to post to the group so maybe for this would be an interesting one any plans and this is kind of a little bit towards sdf or at least the Stellar side of things but there are there any plans to make non-fractionable an option in the tamil file it'd be great to issue whole coin nfts instead of 0.00001 nfts so how are you addressing that how
nfts so how are you addressing that how do you think we should address that there's a there's sep work to be done here there's also smart contract stuff that can be done here some of it's just display mechanics right on the platform that you're displaying your nft on because you don't at the end of the day it's a display thing but i don't know fred how display thing but I don't know fred how are you addressing the zero one zero one issue yeah so this is like this has been a hurdle for developing the marketplace because first it's not very friendly to users but there's also some limitations on these dates because of the 32 limit so there's you can't price easily an item over 214.75 of any unit so in order to solve that of any unit so in order to solve that for example what we do we use a intermediate market so in instead of posting just one big offer we post two and we issue an asset and price this asset the problem is that it creates cryptic orders on these decks so i think there's definitely a need for so I think there's definitely a need for addressing this
for addressing this in order to make it clearer to prevent the creation of those buffering assets and yeah that could be I'm not sure my favorite ways would be to go with lifting the limit of it in 32 on the s decks that would be my on the s decks that would be my favorite way the most natural and then also in terms of being able to and then also in terms of being able to create non-fractionable assets or fractionable at very specific decimal place then that would be that would be the best foster that would be the best foster yeah there's definitely a lot of different ways to address the issue there's a lot of reasons that they are issues whether it's selling issues or selling issues on the decks or just visibility issues where it's weird to see that much fraction but i will say you don't you can issue but I will say you don't you can issue particularly because we have functionality around auth required flags you could issue one of something and then if you built a smart contract through either the Stellar turret
through either the Stellar turret network or even just a centralized service that allows people to sell buy and sell that asset you would basically allow that sell that sale of the nft only through this one like endpoint where it opened up authorization to whoever was purchasing it sold that asset in an atomic swap on with the operations and then closed access so you could you can absolutely do this already it's just not incredibly natural but it can absolutely work I'm particularly interested in the atomic swap stuff because that removes so much of the math issue where you can sell 0.0000 where you can sell 0.0000 whatever for an infinite amount of the counter asset or the max amount of the counter asset and not run into any math issues it's just that how do you create that transaction in a decentralized way where there isn't a third party that boy i sure hope they don't go down or i boy I sure hope they don't go down or i can't move my asset
can't move my asset so work in that arena is something that's super interesting and to me and stuff something that I'm particularly focused on good any follow-up questions around that otherwise we'll move on so here's one i want to buy a house with so here's one I want to buy a house with a stranger this has been historically a horrible idea is there any way xlm or nfts can alleviate all of the problems with co-ownership of homes or real estate i don't know steve or real estate I don't know steve zack thoughts around co-ownership with strangers on houses i'll let steve go first I'm happy to as well i was gonna say I'm happy to as well I was gonna say after you but i the short answer to the question is no i the short answer to the question is no i think you still fall out the same ways I think you still fall out the same ways i mean it's there's going to be a I mean it's there's going to be a contract of some sort between you but maybe I'm being limited in my thinking what do you think i think that nfts can solve a lot of I think that nfts can solve a lot of issues with traditional real estate i think if you but i think one of the
I think if you but I think one of the things and this is a spiel that I'm working on so I'm going a spiel that I'm working on so I'm going to test it here it's like with all these other networks you know decentralized distributed trustless systems or that's the highlight right so like bitcoin is pressless period of your payments ethereum is stressless like applica decentralized applications and you can you know build on topic for and you can you know build on topic for financial stuff Stellar is interesting because there's this inherent requirement for trust on the network because it tethers not only digital assets but also real world assets and so if you take that kind of same and so if you take that kind of same principle to nfts like you know there will be things that exist in real life that can exist in both worlds but you will still need to have a trust in like whatever that custodial power is so when I'm talking about nft's like circumvent the title company you know ideally you know that the title companies would anchor these assets and just adapt to the space instead of be relegated out it creates new
be relegated out it creates new economies for them they could have better processes maybe that lowers the cost for even doing the signing table stuff instead of getting everybody in a room to sign like they can just click a button and digitally transfer that and so while you still have a record of the physical thing in their vault you now also have a digital representation that anyone can view on ledger and i think that you have to have and I think that you have to have trust when it comes to real world assets and there will always be have to be a facilitator for that but i don't think that means that you but I don't think that means that you can't disrupt systems like housing now with fractionalized stuff through the questions point you already have projects on Stellar that are doing that kind of stuff where it's are doing that kind of stuff where it's like an apartment like share like you can fractionalize that and that's been a big use case that i've seen there's yeah i think a small handful there's yeah I think a small handful of companies doing some cool stuff with that already on the network so that's that use case is proof like that can work but that's a different that's a different model completely than
that's a different model completely than like something like just i want to give self tyler my house I want to give self tyler my house here's the title okay bye like it can't do that we can do okay bye like it can't do that we can do it with cars for some reason though but the government still verifies that here in the united states yeah there's reinvention of systems which is great i suppose i interpreted which is great I suppose I interpreted the question of will i better live with the person will I better live with the person that would be using fft oh yeah i may have misinterpreted it as oh yeah I may have misinterpreted it as well then yeah depends on the use case here we are we you know the use case here we are we you know gonna live in the house or are we just gonna live in the house or are we just using as an investment because investment i think there is opportunity investment I think there is opportunity but if you're just buying with a random stranger on craigslist that's i don't know they're still humans I don't know they're still humans well sorry just to comment on that tyler it that is it gets really interesting because if you look at ownership if you if you look at ownership if you do if you take what zach says and you do if you take what zach says and you create a system where the house is kind of containerized within nft or nf it'll have to be a number of
nft or nf it'll have to be a number of nfts and if you can then easily split ownership you know you can then take you know a you know you can then take you know a 50th share of a house have that as part of share of a house have that as part of your investment portfolio have everything transparent that you know that's interesting and from a portfolio that's interesting and from a portfolio point of view i think so too point of view I think so too particularly when you start again opening up to retail investors or this idea of patronage where you tokenize a restaurant or something and people who like that restaurant or when you who like that restaurant or when you look at art it's not so much an investment that i hope to resell this thing i just want to hope to resell this thing I just want to support the people that i love and the support the people that I love and the art that they do and the things that they make there's a huge target for that and it's not driven by it's not driven by greed necessarily at least it's not monetary greed it's just i like this monetary greed it's just I like this thing i want to see it exist and thing I want to see it exist and thrive and there's a whole market out there that i think we're only beginning there that I think we're only beginning to really start to tap into that has nothing to do with me getting rich
nothing to do with me getting rich and more me enriching the artists and creators that i love and creators that I love so we need to close out here so we need to close out here this has been a fantastic this has been a fantastic conversation one last question here for those who are not developers or people that maybe more on the art side of things this would be a good question perhaps for fred how can they get involved how can we start issuing art and music and begin to take advantage of marketplaces like what you're what marketplaces like what you're building fred when are we going to get access what when are we going to get access what what's the plan for the future for non-developers what's the for non-developers what's the path forward so it's going to be live very soon just fixing the last details especially about trust stress testing and security because we have created some kind of like contracts with pre-order transactions just want to make sure that there's no issues with this and this is going to be live on lightning.com on the website you will
lightning.com on the website you will have tools to create and without any programming required to create to issue your asset on Stellar so just need to specify the art and if you just need to specify the art and if you want to you can store it on ipfs you can want to you can store it on ipfs you can install it somewhere else and also we are also going to run an anchor for you so there will be a review we but yeah you will be able to issue your assets without any technical knowledge fantastic very excited well thank you any closing thoughts comments i mean I mean i only have two closing things santa I only have two closing things santa won the first to bounce off of fred i won the first to bounce off of fred i think there's i think keep an eye out for that I'm I think keep an eye out for that I'm eager to experiment with it after seeing it there's also others i think around the there's also others I think around the ecosystem already that you can play around with that do it like ever trying i think account based like ever trying I think account based nfps and i don't nfps and I don't have the urls off the top of my head but have the urls off the top of my head but I'm sure you can like dig around a little bit if you're part of the Stellar community what i would say to do is that if you'd what I would say to do is that if you'd want to see and if more nft projects on
want to see and if more nft projects on Stellar get involved in the conversations on the dev group about it and like start talking to other people that are developing nft based projects so some standards can get uniform across so these different things can begin to interpret the same like different assets that are published the same way that would be my closing statement yep absolutely Stellar global find us on yep absolutely Stellar global find us on discord and start the discussion that's a great place to land i don't know if great place to land I don't know if anybody wants to call out where they can keep up with you and the work that you're doing and then we will close out steve and then we will close out steve if you want to start where people can keep track of the work that you're doing yeah absolutely well come and say hello at task.i o hello at task.I o my like to be on twitter I'm at steve walker without an e at the end so steve w-a-i-l-k-r and great to connect and really appreciate you inviting me in today it's been a
inviting me in today it's been a great experience thank you super yup it's been great to have you fred and sam so if you want to connect with the project you can come and join our community we are we have a discord community over a thousand members lightmint.js you can type in your browser and you will get the invite link and then I'm there almost every day to talk so if you have almost every day to talk so if you have any questions just don't hesitate and zach where can people pester you guys can tag at Stellar.org on you guys can tag at Stellar.org on twitter and i will twitter and I will see every single thing that you have ever pasted there multiple times and yeah and then also you know the regular places cubase all right super and once again I'm tyler vanderhofen you can find me t-y-v-d-h on twitter that's the best place to find me i also do hang out on discord me I also do hang out on discord occasionally this has been a ton of fun thank you all this has been a ton of fun thank you all for joining we will catch you later hopefully
we will catch you later hopefully conversing around art thank you very much see you all thank